README.md, before:

# spring-boot-base-app
Basic spring boot application with standard libraries for experimentation

## Refs
### spring-data-rest
http://docs.spring.io/spring-data/rest/docs/current/reference/html/

## Validation notes
http://blog.codeleak.pl/2014/06/better-error-messages-with-bean.html
http://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/html/validation.html
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24318405/spring-data-rest-validator
http://www.bernhardwenzel.com/blog/2014/10/10/spring-boot-rest-knockout-bookmarks#the-domain-model

## Access notes
alps+json
hal+json
schema+json
### JSON Schema
curl -H 'Accept:application/schema+json' http://localhost:8080/profile/persons
### ALPS
curl http://localhost:8080/profile/persons
### Post new record
curl -i -X POST -H "Content-Type:application/json" -d '{  "firstName" : "Frodo",  "lastName" : "Baggins" }' http://localhost:8080/people


## To Investigate

- Auto reload
- Html cleanup
- CRUD People
- Lombock
- Expanded manifest/info
- Profiles
- Logging
- Statsd compatibility
- Actuator
- Multi db support
- Redis caching

Commit message:

Integration tests with RestAssured and Flyway-Test
A few additional notes (from Bill K):

- I uncovered the fact that spring-data-rest wasn't returning a response
  body on the create calls by using log().all(true).  This can be used
  at the given() portion of the DSL (to examine the request), as well as
  at the then() portion (to examine the response).

- @IntegrationTest("server.port:0") will spin up tomcat on an open port,
  allowing you to have the app running via `./gradlew bootRun` and also
  run the unit tests.

- When using @IntegrationTest("server.port:0"), the randomly assigned
  open port must be injected via @Value("${local.server.port}"), and
  then given to RestAssured with RestAssured.port = port;

- Added the @Transactional annotation so that Spring will run each @Test
  method in the context of a transaction, and subsequently rollback the
  transaction after the test completes.  This will help avoid state
  bleed between tests.

README.md, after:

# spring-boot-base-app
Basic spring boot application with standard libraries for experimentation

## Eclipse notes
Necessary changes to exclude code from the automatic formatter can be found here
Note. Eclipse formatting in Mars appears to be broken (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31048040/how-to-force-the-eclipse-mars-4-5-formatter-not-to-join-already-wrapped-lines)
 http://www.eclipseonetips.com/2013/10/15/disable-eclipse-formatting-for-certain-sections-of-code-only/

## Refs
### spring-data-rest
http://docs.spring.io/spring-data/rest/docs/current/reference/html/

## Validation notes
http://blog.codeleak.pl/2014/06/better-error-messages-with-bean.html
http://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/html/validation.html
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24318405/spring-data-rest-validator
http://www.bernhardwenzel.com/blog/2014/10/10/spring-boot-rest-knockout-bookmarks#the-domain-model

## Testing
http://www.jayway.com/2013/12/10/json-schema-validation-with-rest-assured/
http://www.jayway.com/2014/01/14/unit-testing-spring-mvc-controllers-with-rest-assured/
https://github.com/flyway/flyway-test-extensions/wiki/Usage-flyway-spring-test
https://github.com/Hippoom/spring-test-dbunit-template

http://g00glen00b.be/spring-boot-rest-assured/
http://www.javabeat.net/spring-boot-testing/
http://blog.czeczotka.com/2015/01/20/spring-mvc-integration-test-with-rest-assured-and-mockmvc/
http://www.joecolantonio.com/2014/02/26/rest-testing-with-java-part-two-getting-started-with-rest-assured/

## Access notes
alps+json
hal+json
schema+json
### JSON Schema
curl -H 'Accept:application/schema+json' http://localhost:8080/profile/persons
### ALPS
curl http://localhost:8080/profile/persons
### Post new record
curl -i -X POST -H "Content-Type:application/json" -d '{  "firstName" : "Frodo",  "lastName" : "Baggins" }' http://localhost:8080/people

## Credits/ Contributions

Bill Koch (https://github.com/billkoch)
- Integration test improvements and fixes.


## To Investigate

- Auto reload
- Lombock
- Expanded manifest/info
- Profiles
- Logging
- Statsd compatibility
- Actuator
- Multi db support
- Redis caching
